San Fletce without a 3-game victory Ace Hisato Sato who has scored 14 goals so far
Aim for a goal after four games
They are 13 minutes from Aoyama, a former representative of San Frecce Japan representative .
Ishihara got out and said yeah
However, fc Tokyo's representative from Japan will be blocked by save of Gonda
fc Tokyo hit a 16 minute defensive opportunity
Watanabe Shinma
I will put a ball from the fender and decide the goal Watanabe this season
17 goals
The force was on fc 44 minutes in Tokyo
Watanabe Fall / Winter Path from Lucas
Here we have a mother to Japan representative of Sanfrecce
It is 5 minutes in the second half when 3 fredi allowed one point lead
Hisahito Sato gets out in a through pass, but Hideto Takahashi who has entered the middle of this match 3 bags
I will keep my body
3 Furejji 17-kun
Oh and last Kato size as a corner quite platen side small face
Catch up to our Well I guess I wanted Netada this point
I 'd like to see , but it 's only a momentary twist on the body
I think it's about the age of Magus Sato, but I think it's Sasa by all means with the most delight
This
21 minutes fc east of Tokyo
Ting shooter
Nishikawa will show a great reaction
It is 36 minutes and 3 fredges are cut the pass when Takahata cuts the fc Tokyo counter
Will be installed
Ran a long distance
The east of cross-last does
With a 4
Another rank will take the lead again
Ishifaru shot down Sanfrece for 42 minutes, but will save him a good save
The match ended now Sanfrecce's first consecutive loss after being appointed by Moriho